
                                   XHarness
 

  What is it? 
  -----------
  
  XHarness is a system test harness for Apache Ant 1.6.x and 1.7.x. 
  It allows developers to describe their product/system tests in the form of 
  XML as part of an ant build file, describing the tasks and processes that 
  comprise the test cases and what their expected behaviour is. It has 
  powerful process management capabilities, that extend the existing Ant 
  process tasks (exec, java) to allow asynchronous execution of java and 
  native processes (e.g. for client-server tests), synchronization between 
  multiple processes and complex assertions on process and task output 
  (stdout/stderr, file output, coupled with timeouts, etc.). It also has the 
  concept of a "service" that encapsulates the necessary infrastructure for 
  testcases to run (e.g. a Webserver) and adds a number of other useful tasks 
  to the Ant framework, like environment sets and an equivalent to the Unix 
  "which" command. 

  XHarness tests are executed by the Ant framework and the output produced by 
  all tasks and the test results are captured. In that respect, XHarness works 
  similar to the Ant junit task in that it runs testcases and tasks/processes 
  associated with these tests and at the end produces an HTML summary of the 
  tests, listing the result of each testcase as well as the output of the 
  testcase's tasks and processes.

  
  The Latest Version
  ------------------

  Details of the latest version can be found on the Codehaus XHarness
  Project web site <http://xharness.codehaus.org/>.


  Documentation
  -------------

  Documentation is available in HTML format, in the docs/ directory.
  For information about the xharness tasks and types, see
  docs/manual/index.html


  Licensing
  ---------

  This software is licensed under the terms you may find in the file 
  named "LICENSE" in this directory.
  

  Thank you for using XHarness.

                         The Codehaus XHarness Project
                        <http://xharness.codehaus.org/>
